Does Mr. Sheng have anything to teach you?
If it's dirty water, it's free
Although Sun Shenyi did not save his throat
But he did his best.
I'm kind too
Everyone here saw it
Of course I know
I'm not like some people
It was obviously the throat made by Master Yang
But it was Sun Shen
That's so thick-skinned
However, before some people leave
Should we place a bet?
Did you fulfill it first?
What bet?
No, no.
OK
Liang Shao was so proud when he bet just now
Why is it a shrinking turtle now?
No words
What gambler I don't know don't know
Everyone here has seen it
There are Lao Hou and Miss Hou to testify
I can't say anything if you don't admit it.
But your Liang family's reputation is about to be discredited
Hahaha
It's true.
I'm willing to admit defeat
Haoliang Shao
Then you write down the words
What are you doing?
Tomorrow, I will arrange for someone to go to your auction house to hand it over.
Our Liang family made a promise
I'm here today to put the words here too
Now that my son is studying
You can send someone tomorrow, Mr. Sheng
Isn't it just an auction house?
Our Liang family can afford to lose, wait a minute